Adjust ossec issue (#6038)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/reference/ossec-conf/global.rst

| **Allowed values** | Any valid email address |
+--------------------+-------------------------+

> This section will only allow for one email address, but the section can be repeated for each email address you would wish to include.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this section only allows for one email address. In case you want to add more than one, repeat the section as many times as required.
```

helo_server
^^^^^^^^^^^

> This option defines how the Wazuh server will identify itself when sending mail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option defines how the Wazuh server identifies itself when sending mail.
```
